README.md, before:

# Tmux Power

Yet another powerline theme for tmux.

[![TPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/tpm--support-true-blue)](https://github.com/tmux-plugins/tpm)
[![Awesome](https://img.shields.io/badge/Awesome-tmux-d07cd0?logo=data:image/png;base64,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)](https://github.com/rothgar/awesome-tmux)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-brightgreen.svg)](https://wfxr.mit-license.org/2017)

![screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wfxr/i/master/tmux-power-custom.png)

### 📥 Installation

**Install manually**

Clone the repo somewhere and source it in `.tmux.conf`:

```tmux
run-shell "/path/to/tmux-power.tmux"
```

*NOTE: Options should be set before sourcing.*

**Install using [TPM](https://github.com/tmux-plugins/tpm)**

```tmux
set -g @plugin 'wfxr/tmux-power'
```

### 🎨 Themes

#### Gold (default)
```bash
set -g @tmux_power_theme 'gold'
```
![screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wfxr/i/master/tmux-power-gold.png)

#### Everforest
```bash
set -g @tmux_power_theme 'everforest'
```
![screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wfxr/i/master/tmux-power-everforest.png)

#### Moon
```bash
set -g @tmux_power_theme 'moon'
```
![screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wfxr/i/master/tmux-power-moon.png)

#### Coral
```bash
set -g @tmux_power_theme 'coral'
```
![screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wfxr/i/master/tmux-power-coral.png)

#### Snow
```bash
set -g @tmux_power_theme 'snow'
```
#### Forest
```bash
set -g @tmux_power_theme 'forest'
```
Violet
```bash
set -g @tmux_power_theme 'violet'
```
#### Redwine
```bash
set -g @tmux_power_theme 'redwine'
```
#### Default
```bash
set -g @tmux_power_theme 'default'
```
Set this theme if you want to honor the terminal colorscheme. To be used with
something like [pywal](https://github.com/dylanaraps/pywal) for instance.

### ⚙  Customizing

You can define your favourite colors if you don't like any of above.

```tmux
# Main color
set -g @tmux_power_theme '#483D8B' # dark slate blue

# Foreground and background
set -g @tmux_power_fg '#ffffff' # white
set -g @tmux_power_bg '#000000' # black

# Synchronized Panes color
set -g @tmux_power_sync 'red'

# Greys
set -g @tmux_power_g01 "#080808"
set -g @tmux_power_g02 "#121212"
set -g @tmux_power_g03 "#1c1c1c"
set -g @tmux_power_g04 "#262626"
set -g @tmux_power_g05 "#303030"
set -g @tmux_power_g06 "#3a3a3a"
set -g @tmux_power_g07 "#444444"
set -g @tmux_power_g08 "#4e4e4e"
set -g @tmux_power_g00 "#585858"
set -g @tmux_power_g10 "#626262"
set -g @tmux_power_g11 "#6c6c6c"
set -g @tmux_power_g12 "#767676"
```

You can change the date and time formats using strftime:

```tmux
set -g @tmux_power_date_format '%F'
set -g @tmux_power_time_format '%T'
```

You can also customize the icons. As an example,
the following configurations can generate the theme shown in the first screenshot:
```bash
set -g @plugin 'wfxr/tmux-power'
set -g @plugin 'wfxr/tmux-net-speed'
set -g @tmux_power_theme 'everforest'
set -g @tmux_power_date_icon ' '
set -g @tmux_power_time_icon ' '
set -g @tmux_power_user_icon ' '
set -g @tmux_power_session_icon ' '
set -g @tmux_power_zoom_icon ''
set -g @tmux_power_sync_icon ''
set -g @tmux_power_show_upload_speed    true
set -g @tmux_power_show_download_speed  true
set -g @tmux_power_show_web_reachable   true
set -g @tmux_power_right_arrow_icon     ''
set -g @tmux_power_left_arrow_icon      ''
set -g @tmux_power_upload_speed_icon    '󰕒'
set -g @tmux_power_download_speed_icon  '󰇚'
set -g @tmux_power_prefix_highlight_pos 'R'
```

*The default icons use glyphs from [nerd-fonts](https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts).*

### 📦 Plugin support

**[tmux-net-speed](https://github.com/wfxr/tmux-net-speed)**

```tmux
set -g @tmux_power_show_upload_speed true
set -g @tmux_power_show_download_speed true
```

**[tmux-prefix-highlight](https://github.com/tmux-plugins/tmux-prefix-highlight)**

```tmux
# 'L' for left only, 'R' for right only and 'LR' for both
set -g @tmux_power_prefix_highlight_pos 'LR'
```

**[tmux-web-reachable](https://github.com/wfxr/tmux-web-reachable)**

```tmux
set -g @tmux_power_show_web_reachable true
```

### 🔗 Other plugins

You might also find these useful:

- [tmux-fzf-url](https://github.com/wfxr/tmux-fzf-url)
- [tmux-net-speed](https://github.com/wfxr/tmux-net-speed)
- [tmux-web-reachable](https://github.com/wfxr/tmux-web-reachable)

### 📃 License

[MIT](https://wfxr.mit-license.org/2017) (c) Wenxuan Zhang

Commit message:

updated README.md with default icon options

README.md, after:

# Tmux Power

Yet another powerline theme for tmux.

[![TPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/tpm--support-true-blue)](https://github.com/tmux-plugins/tpm)
[![Awesome](https://img.shields.io/badge/Awesome-tmux-d07cd0?logo=data:image/png;base64,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)](https://github.com/rothgar/awesome-tmux)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-brightgreen.svg)](https://wfxr.mit-license.org/2017)

![screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wfxr/i/master/tmux-power-custom.png)

### 📥 Installation

**Install manually**

Clone the repo somewhere and source it in `.tmux.conf`:

```tmux
run-shell "/path/to/tmux-power.tmux"
```

*NOTE: Options should be set before sourcing.*

**Install using [TPM](https://github.com/tmux-plugins/tpm)**

```tmux
set -g @plugin 'wfxr/tmux-power'
```

### 🎨 Themes

#### Gold (default)
```bash
set -g @tmux_power_theme 'gold'
```
![screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wfxr/i/master/tmux-power-gold.png)

#### Everforest
```bash
set -g @tmux_power_theme 'everforest'
```
![screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wfxr/i/master/tmux-power-everforest.png)

#### Moon
```bash
set -g @tmux_power_theme 'moon'
```
![screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wfxr/i/master/tmux-power-moon.png)

#### Coral
```bash
set -g @tmux_power_theme 'coral'
```
![screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wfxr/i/master/tmux-power-coral.png)

#### Snow
```bash
set -g @tmux_power_theme 'snow'
```
#### Forest
```bash
set -g @tmux_power_theme 'forest'
```
Violet
```bash
set -g @tmux_power_theme 'violet'
```
#### Redwine
```bash
set -g @tmux_power_theme 'redwine'
```
#### Default
```bash
set -g @tmux_power_theme 'default'
```
Set this theme if you want to honor the terminal colorscheme. To be used with
something like [pywal](https://github.com/dylanaraps/pywal) for instance.

### ⚙  Customizing

You can define custom colors using the following options:

```tmux
# Main color
set -g @tmux_power_theme '#483D8B' # dark slate blue

# Foreground and background
set -g @tmux_power_fg '#ffffff' # white
set -g @tmux_power_bg '#000000' # black

# Synchronized Panes color
set -g @tmux_power_sync 'red'

# Greys
set -g @tmux_power_g01 "#080808"
set -g @tmux_power_g02 "#121212"
set -g @tmux_power_g03 "#1c1c1c"
set -g @tmux_power_g04 "#262626"
set -g @tmux_power_g05 "#303030"
set -g @tmux_power_g06 "#3a3a3a"
set -g @tmux_power_g07 "#444444"
set -g @tmux_power_g08 "#4e4e4e"
set -g @tmux_power_g00 "#585858"
set -g @tmux_power_g10 "#626262"
set -g @tmux_power_g11 "#6c6c6c"
set -g @tmux_power_g12 "#767676"
```

You can change the date and time formats using strftime:

```tmux
set -g @tmux_power_date_format '%F'
set -g @tmux_power_time_format '%T'
```

You can also customize the icons:

```tmux
set -g @tmux_power_right_arrow_icon ''
set -g @tmux_power_left_arrow_icon ''
set -g @tmux_power_upload_speed_icon '󰕒'
set -g @tmux_power_download_speed_icon '󰇚'
set -g @tmux_power_session_icon ''
set -g @tmux_power_user_icon ''
set -g @tmux_power_time_icon ''
set -g @tmux_power_date_icon ''
set -g @tmux_power_zoom_icon '󰁌'
set -g @tmux_power_sync_icon ''
```

As an example, the following configurations can generate the theme shown in the first screenshot:

```bash
set -g @plugin 'wfxr/tmux-power'
set -g @plugin 'wfxr/tmux-net-speed'
set -g @tmux_power_theme 'everforest'
set -g @tmux_power_date_icon ' '
set -g @tmux_power_time_icon ' '
set -g @tmux_power_user_icon ' '
set -g @tmux_power_session_icon ' '
set -g @tmux_power_zoom_icon ''
set -g @tmux_power_sync_icon ''
set -g @tmux_power_show_upload_speed    true
set -g @tmux_power_show_download_speed  true
set -g @tmux_power_show_web_reachable   true
set -g @tmux_power_right_arrow_icon     ''
set -g @tmux_power_left_arrow_icon      ''
set -g @tmux_power_upload_speed_icon    '󰕒'
set -g @tmux_power_download_speed_icon  '󰇚'
set -g @tmux_power_prefix_highlight_pos 'R'
```

*The default icons use glyphs from [nerd-fonts](https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts).*

### 📦 Plugin support

**[tmux-net-speed](https://github.com/wfxr/tmux-net-speed)**

```tmux
set -g @tmux_power_show_upload_speed true
set -g @tmux_power_show_download_speed true
```

**[tmux-prefix-highlight](https://github.com/tmux-plugins/tmux-prefix-highlight)**

```tmux
# 'L' for left only, 'R' for right only and 'LR' for both
set -g @tmux_power_prefix_highlight_pos 'LR'
```

**[tmux-web-reachable](https://github.com/wfxr/tmux-web-reachable)**

```tmux
set -g @tmux_power_show_web_reachable true
```

### 🔗 Other plugins

You might also find these useful:

- [tmux-fzf-url](https://github.com/wfxr/tmux-fzf-url)
- [tmux-net-speed](https://github.com/wfxr/tmux-net-speed)
- [tmux-web-reachable](https://github.com/wfxr/tmux-web-reachable)

### 📃 License

[MIT](https://wfxr.mit-license.org/2017) (c) Wenxuan Zhang
